feat: Adds support for Customer Cipher Configuration for Data Plane Connections (#2872)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/advanced_cluster.md

* `transaction_lifetime_limit_seconds` - Lifetime, in seconds, of multi-document transactions. Defaults to 60 seconds.
* `default_max_time_ms` - Default time limit in milliseconds for individual read operations to complete. This option corresponds to the [defaultMaxTimeMS(https://www.mongodb.com/docs/upcoming/reference/cluster-parameters/defaultMaxTimeMS/) cluster parameter. This parameter is supported only for MongoDB version 8.0 and above.
* `change_stream_options_pre_and_post_images_expire_after_seconds` - (Optional) The minimum pre- and post-image retention time in seconds This parameter is only supported for MongoDB version 6.0 and above. Defaults to `-1`(off).

> * `tls_cipher_config_mode` - The TLS cipher suite configuration mode. The default mode uses the default cipher suites. The custom mode allows you to specify custom cipher suites for both TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.3. Possible values are `CUSTOM` or `DEFAULT`.

Reviewer: I think it is better to specify what the valid values/modes are and then describe each mode here and everywhere in this PR:
```suggestion
* `tls_cipher_config_mode` - The TLS cipher suite configuration mode. Valid values include `CUSTOM` or `DEFAULT`. The default mode uses the default cipher suites. The custom mode allows you to specify custom cipher suites for both TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.3. 
```

Author: updated
